What are you planning?
Why do you think I want to cooperate with you?
Because I don't have many experts under my own hands
Now Song Qiuci
The fox's tail has leaked out
As long as we work together
Take someone directly over
Just grab Song Qiuci and ask him questions
No, if you arrest someone, you need evidence
We are not Song Qiuci
I'll return the evidence
You really think of yourself as a law enforcement agency
The little fox spirit in Song Qiu Temple
Will he leave the evidence to us?
Law enforcement or not
I think we need evidence to arrest people
Why are you in love with me?
You are wrong
From the day you entered SM Park
You are not the behavior of an ordinary person
I'm an undercover law enforcement agent
Investigating this case
Do you believe it?
I don't trust law enforcement
How could they possibly care about our lives?
They just think we deserve it.
We should be bullied.
Should be raped
Should be beaten
Should be trafficked
Because we are the descendants of criminals and illegal households
Our previous generation had no identity.
Why involve us?
We are innocent